Speaker 2: Hi, my name is Xavier. Thank you for calling Customer Customer Care. May I please get your name, phone, and email? Speaker 1: Yep, 778-513-3660. 2: Perfect. And then how can I help you today? 1: I just got a text message that my order was canceled and I'm supposed to contact you guys. And I'm kind of panicking because I got some weird text messages from them today that they were here when they were here. And that's like $300 worth of product has now disappeared. I'm kind of panicking. 2: Yeah, absolutely. I totally understand. Was that order number from today? 1: Yeah, yeah. $300. 2: It was $34.99 a day ago. Okay. Okay, let me take a look into that for you. 1: Thank you so much. I hope I'm not being rude. 2: I'm just a little shocked. You're fine. I just hope that I can help. I don't know if I can see it. 1: It was really weird. Like, Luke, I've been having text messages from like 11 this morning, and I never get stuff like this. 2: Yeah. That order number isn't working. Let me see. You know what? Actually, let me see. I have something I can check for sure to see if it's canceled or not. Because on my side, it says that it was completed, but I know you said that you never received the order, right? 1: No, and I can even send you the text message. It says, sorry that your delivery was canceled. Your delivery person couldn't finish the delivery. Please contact PepSmart for further assistance. 2: Yeah. Yeah, I'm looking to see if I can find the charge through your email. I don't see anything either. Nothing popping up there. And then let me see. I'm going to find where the tracking number and where it is in general. 1: Oh, my God. And now I'm scared that to you guys, it looks like it's completed and it's not here. I wouldn't do that. That's $300 a worth of. Oh, my God. 2: Don't worry. Don't worry. It's fine. I'm going to help. I'm going to look into it. Okay, I found it. I found it. So it's the, let me go to it right now. It's the Apple Law is a doubt wet cat food, natural limited ingredient. And then Apple is a doubt calf food and broth, grain fish, whiskers, portions. Okay. And then you didn't get any of these. Yeah, let me see what happened to them. Yeah, Uber canceled your order. So what I will do is I can reship them to you, but that's okay. I can reship the order. And then I'll... 1: Oh, that would be great. 2: Did you just want the same size and same quantities for everything? Okay. I'm going to do a reshipment. 1: Yeah, I do a month work at a time. 2: Okay. 1: For our 500 million cats. 2: Yeah, I'm going to do a yeah, don't worry about it. I know you're stressing out and everything, so don't worry. I'm going to do this reshipment for you. 1: Thank you, because it's weird because this may be someone says I said I've been getting text messages from two different members since last night, and they were contradicting each other. And then it was saying that they were here, that your order has arrived. Just give them a couple minutes to, you know, like give a moment to drop off your order. We'll let you know when it's there. I even have the person's name, everything. And then I got other messages from somebody saying also that they were Uber. 2: Yeah. That's just one of them. One of them might have just been, it might have been a store, and the other one was probably Uber, but Uber is known for doing a little bit just like canceling your order with no explanation as to why. I don't know why. 1: I know my work gave me a gift card and it's sitting in my Uber Eats account. And it's now charging me something like three times a normal amount. Uber is fun. You still ask? 2: Yes, I'm still here. Sorry. Yeah, I was saying what I can do. I went ahead with that reshipment and I left the note and everything. Yeah. 1: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I still appreciate it. Absolutely. 2: And then was there anything else that I can help with you, too? 1: Nope. I feel much better. Thank you for walking me through all that. Yeah, he did. 2: Yeah, you could give me a good survey, a good survey. The surveys will help. 1: I'd love to. Yeah, I'd love to. 2: Thank you so much. And then also, too, thank you for calling TouchMark Customer Care. And my name is Xavier. I hope you have a great rest of your night. 1: Thanks, Xavier. Have a good night. 2: You're welcome. Bye-bye.