Speaker 2: Thank you for contacting Pet Smart. My name is Lady. Help me help you. Speaker 3: Yeah, somebody went online on my online account and and purchased and made a purchase that I need to cancel because it's fraudulent. 2: I'm sorry to hear that. Okay, help me with that just music. Can you have your name? 3: Jennifer Murphy. 2: Thank you. And please provide to me your phone number and email. 3: Direct the order. My phone number is 312-451-7007. And my email is jenmurphy44 at hotmail.com. Thank you so much. 2: How long is the second? Just a moment. 3: Let me open the last it's shipping to an address that I don't know anything about. 2: Just give music $475 and $87. That one, right? Hold on a second. Oh, sorry, it's loud. 3: No, it there was an order that was it was like $277. 2: Just give me a second because I can see the order here. Do you receive any order number on your email? Oh, no. Give me a second. I think I know how to search for it if you need a moment. 3: It was, yeah, I have an order number. Oh, one one zero six five zero five six eight eight. 2: Jesus Linda just opened it showing a different loud on my end. Just give me a second to pull that up again. This order is for the total amount. It's showing $75.87. Yeah. Just showing six dry food and with the same thing. 3: Hold on just a second. I'm on the phone with customer service. I got it. Just go ahead. I'll meet you. Hold on a second. I just want to confirm. Speaker 1: Why is this not I don't want that. 3: I want no words. 2: I'm just going to search with your email if we have any other transactions or something. Anything here? Oh, order. Here we go. 3: Yeah, there was a oh, yeah. It's the or yes, you're right. It's $75.87. 2: Okay. Thank God. I'm just getting nervous. 3: Okay. 2: And you didn't request this, right? 3: No, I did not. And I have no idea who the address is that this is shipping to. 2: Mike, I chose Atlanta. 3: Yes, but that's not my. I did not place this order. 2: I'm gonna let's do something. I'm gonna need to call this store through cancel this order. While I do that, I'm gonna send to you an email to receive your password. 3: Oh, I'm not looking at it. Okay. 2: Give me a second. 3: Oh, my God, there were more. 2: Just say you an email for you to receive your password, and I will advise you also to withdraw the password on your email. Okay, once you have the time. And allow me just a moment while I call the store to get this order cancel. We work back with you. Allow me just a minute. Thank you for calling your neighborhood Pet Smart. Sorry, that option is not available. For hours and location, press one to repeat. Thank you so much for staying by the line. 3: Can you hear me? 2: Yeah, okay. Then as measured to you, I sent to you the email to receive your password. I have sent to you through the computer to receive the password and your email. And I just leave in here for our internal team to double-check the provincial transaction, cancel the serious order, and refund back to your card the amount of the 75 days. 3: Will I get an email with the cancellation of the order? 2: You will get most likely it will be an email. I can do the follow-up tomorrow because right now we're about to close. 3: Okay, I can do the follow-up tomorrow. Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. No worries. Have a great evening. 2: Thank you. Have a great evening you feel as well. Take care. Okay. 3: Bye-bye. Bye-bye.