Speaker 1: Thanks for calling. That's my customer care. My name is Thon. Speaker 3: Yes, Kelsey. 1: Hi, Kathy. What can I do for you today? 3: So I built an online delivery and my stuff was shipped earlier and I got here, but I do not have the instructions for the item that I bought, but there's no instructions in the package. 1: I can see what I can do to help. Do you have the order number by any chance, Kathy? 3: Yes, I do. It's going to be 1106454696. 1: Okay, one moment. Okay. Let's take a look here real quick. Kelsey, would you mind verifying your last name phone number and Email has to test the order? And I'm going to take a look and see what I can do. 3: Yeah, the last name is going to be Carpenter and then the zip code. Did you see zip code? Sorry. 1: Email and phone number. 3: Oh, an email and phone number. ChuckKelsey98 at gmail.com and then the phone number is 757-981-9217. 1: Okay, perfect. Let's take a look here. This one's a difficult one. 3: Yeah, and I try to look online, and I literally can't find anything. And all the reviews are saying that you can't find the instructions online, which I'm like, oh, my God. 1: So there's really, like, this is the unfortunate part. Let me see. There's no way for me to send one out if we don't have the ability to do that. 3: Are you guys able to send it electronically when I was Googling it? I said you could do that. 1: If it was like if it popped up on the website, because to be completely honest with you, most of the information we have about the actual products is what you see on the website. That's what we have to work with. I am not seeing anything at all. Okay. I'm a fish guy myself. I put together quite a few of the top tips. I own a couple just like it, so I know exactly what you're doing. Like it's so cute. I completely understand. Like, there's no going anywhere. I really do not have too much of a solution here. 3: Daniel. 1: Outside of, I mean, about the only thing I, for the instructions part, the only thing I could suggest doing would be running out to your local store. Now, that is something you should not have to do. I want to take care of you because that's not part of the deal. You shouldn't have to do that. But I'll be honest with you, Kathy, that's the only thing I can think to suggest doing. Let me see. $70. And for your trouble, I'd be more than happy to give you a half off the item. And then... 3: That would be awesome. 1: Yeah, but what I would suggest doing, like, I would be more than happy to give you a half off the item. What I would suggest doing, Pasta, is actually bringing it into the store. If they don't have instructions, maybe exchanging it out for something else, something in that sort of thing, because, like I said, especially when it comes to fish stuff, and like I said, I've got nine tanks at home. I wish we could send out replacement parts because the tanks, the stands, everything, the filters, everything comes with a whole bunch of little parts that some of them can break, and we can't send them out. So I do apologize, but that would be the solution that I could recommend at this point. 3: Okay, Dan, so sad right now. Will they take it back? I just don't, I unpackaged everything, obviously because I expected the instructions to be in there somewhere. Speaker 2: Right. 3: Are they going to want me to bring the entire packaging in there? Or if I just tell them and have my order number, will they be able to look it up and see if they can look at another packaging and see if they have the instructions? 1: I would assume that would be the smart thing to do. When it comes to the stores, I can't promise anything because each store is different and they might react differently. 3: And I live in Albuquerque, bro. Like me. 1: I am so sorry. I really am. But that's, yeah, I would maybe even give the store a call when they open back up, explain the situation, tell them that you call customer care. We can't really do anything. I would call them up first and see what they can do. Because if they have the same product in store, they would definitely be able to help you just photocopy or some sort of thing to at least get you rolling. Right. Yeah, I would call them, speak to them, or you can even call tomorrow, and we can give them a call when they open up, and we can kind of go from there. We wouldn't mind being in a work in between because I would love to help you, but yeah, this one's kind of a sticky one. 3: Yeah, this one's like super weird, and I'm like, I don't know. Okay. Well, should I guess I will go in person? 1: I would call first. Hey, yeah, at least give them a call first. Or give us a call and we can give them a call. And like I said, I took 38.48 off of that order for you because this is as far as I'm concerned, that's ridiculous. I know how hard it is. 3: I'm so sad. 1: So yes, I apologize. That's already gone through. Okay, well, thank you for that. 3: I appreciate it. 1: Absolutely. Absolutely. So like I said, either give them a call, give us a call tomorrow. We can go a little bit further. Is there anything else I can do for you, Kelsey? Any other questions you have for me? 3: Unfortunately not. But I appreciate your help. 1: Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. And well, you have a great rest of your weekend. And thank you for calling. And like I said, one way or another, we'll get this figured out. 3: Awesome. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. 1: You're welcome. You have a great night. 3: Thank you. You too. 1: Bye-bye. 3: And bye.