Speaker 1: Thank you for calling. Passmart Customer. Karen, this is Heather. Can I get your first and last name, please? Speaker 2: Tiffany Stacey. 1: Thank you, Stacey. And can you verify your email and phone number for me? 2: TiffScafe at gmail.com. And my phone number is 647-406-8201. Perfect. Thank you so much. 1: And how can I help you tonight? 2: I'm just trying to put in an order online and I have an associate discount. And it's still see double discount days, but it's just not going through. 1: So your orders are not going through, or the discount's not working? 2: The discount's only doing regular discount instead of the double. 1: Let's check it out. You just have that one singular account, not like two different ones, possibly. 2: I think I have one. 1: All right. Is everything in your basket that you need to? Oh, wait, I'm in the wrong application. I need to go into Canada. 2: It is totally loading your basket. Okay. 1: I think it's because you have it on the auto ship, possibly. 2: I do. I have the, like I looked into it at work and it's close to stack. 1: Let me see if I can find something on that. You said it's a double discount day for associates, right? 2: Yeah. 1: Okay. Double turn. Just one minute, please. Yep. Hi, Stephanie. Are you still with me? Yep. So I can't do anything tonight, but what I could do for you is submit a ticket if you like. 2: So do I just put through the order now anyways, and then the ticket will help me with getting with the other 15% back? 1: I believe so. Are you a bandfield associate or a normal associate for PetSmart? 2: I work in the salon. 1: So double discount not working. 2: Okay, let's see. What's your store location? 3204. 3204. 1: That's the Toronto Liberty store? Yep. All right. Let's see. Let me create the ticket while I'm on the phone in case I have to ask any questions. I don't know. 2: Okay, I just do the order. 1: Could you you just submitted your order? 2: Yep. 1: And it was just an extra 15%? Yeah. Okay. Do you have a picture you can send up the 15% discount? 2: Yeah. 1: I'm just going to manually honor it into a ticket because I'm having problems submitting the ticket right now. Please submit. 15% of the count. Okay. Let's see. All right. 2: So what I have like in terms of the 15% is the associate double discount days and then the information which says that it stacks with the first authorship order and it's good until November 2nd. And then the order is on my XL like the order details. So it shows how much I got off and it will add up to about 50% instead of 65%. All the information you need, like do you need me to send you a screenshot of the order details or just that thing that says the associate discount? 1: I would say just all of it just for record. 2: Okay, sounds good. And where do I send that to? 1: I think I just sent you an email. 2: Did I? Yeah. It just sent. Okay, perfect. Okay, so I'm going to reply to that right now with the order details and the associate double discount. There was also like an SAQ which reiterated that it would stack. So I'll add that there. 1: Okay, I did the additional 15% off. So you'll receive a refund. It could be immediate. It could take up to seven business days. 2: Bye. Okay. 1: So you won't get like a receipt from me, but it'll be notated in the account. 2: Okay, perfect. Thank you. Okay, great. Have a good night. 1: You too. Thank you. Bye. Bye.