Speaker 1: Hi, my name is Sherry Al Velasquez. Hello, Sherry. And then can I get a phone number to your PetSmart account? Yes, 831-258-5583. All right, thank you, Samissa. And what about the email address? Yes, it's SherryLv4 at gmail.com. Got it. Thank you so much for that information. And how can I assist you today? Hi, I put a notification on my future rewards today. The last time I was at PetSmart, I activated this deal, and it was like, I think it was Earn 5,000 points for spending over $50. Yeah, and I think also there was another one having to do with NULO. I activated them both before I made my purchase last time. However, now that I'm looking at it, it doesn't say that it's telling me to still go use that reward, even though I activated it before I purchased. So I'm kind of bummed out because I spent $50. I spent more than $50, I think. And I was expecting those points, and now it seems like they didn't come through. And when was the last purchase that was made? Let me double check. Let me go to my bank. Sorry, hold on. Okay, so it looks like you made an in-store purchase on the 23rd and the 16th and the 9th of October. And do you remember when you activated those points? I activated them right before I think before I walked in the store. Okay. So the only one I see that I could probably give you the 5,000 points for is the one on the 25th, which is you made a purchase of $52.22. Yeah, that was the last purchase that I made there. And that was exactly what I was. And that's not a problem. I don't actually give you that 5,000 points for that one, okay? Awesome. But did you also, was there also a click reward for the new, like it was like spend, get 10%, I think, back on the new low? Because I buy new low for my cat. And that's more in depth. We would have to see an in-store purchase receipt. Oh, okay. That same, okay. I wonder if they'd have it. Yeah, I would have been that same day I activated. I'm sorry? Yeah, I would definitely check with the store to see if they would be able to print you another receipt and they would have to probably take a look at the items that you purchased. And then I would have to reach back up to you guys with that receipt, right? Yes. Okay, even if it expires, because I think it expires when today? Yeah, it expires today. Would you still be able to do that? I didn't even notice that you didn't get the point. I would say they would probably look at the date the purchase was made. But if this expires and then the offer is not there anymore, how would it be able to be applied? Because I don't know what they activated, and they would look at the offer that was offered within that time frame. Okay. Okay. All right. I'll do that then because I did spend $50 and a lot of it, it was like all NULO. It was like all I always buy is NULO for the cat. But yeah, I was like, oh, seven times, 14% back in savings on NULO cat and dog food. So I thought that was a good reward. And then also the 5,000 points. But yeah, I didn't notice until right now when I got the notification, it was telling me, oh, your offer expires today. And I was like, wait, what offer? So then that's why I realized that I'd never got the points for my last purchase. Yeah, let's see. I would definitely say next time if you do do that, usually it takes up to 72 hours for them to place those bonus points that you that were offered to you. But if you don't see that, it's best to give us a call and that way we can take a look into it and then manually give you those points as well. I see. Okay. Yeah, I just expected. I didn't even realize, to be honest. It's okay. Well, I was able to go ahead and apply the 5,000 points today. And your new account balance is going to be $8,434. Thank you so much. Yeah, of course. No problem. And is there anything else I can help you with today? No, not today. Thank you so much. No. It's not a problem. Well, you enjoy the rest of your night, okay? You too. Thank you. Okay.