Speaker 1: Hi, my name is Bail Dixon. Hi, Bail. How can I help you? Speaker 2: I signed up for the app for the first time. I've been a PetSmart customer for decades, but I made an order and for some reason it shipped to the address not on file with my order but to my Apple Pay, like my billing address. And I was trying to see if the order had shipped and if there is any way to get it shipped to the correct address. And then I was trying to understand why that happened so it doesn't happen again because it didn't let me review it. I didn't see a review page of the order. I guess it just went. And I used Apple Pay. So I was wondering if Apple Pay interfered with it or what happened because I checked my address on file with you that I signed up with only one address that I entered in my app. I didn't even enter the other address at all, so I don't know where it pulled that other address from. 1: Okay, let me help you with that. So first, could you please confirm your phone and email? 2: Sure. My phone is 434-547-3198. And my email, I think I have VailDixon at gmail.com. V is in Victor. A-I-L is in Lima. D-I-X-O-N is in Nancy at gmail.com. 1: Thanks so much for the information. Okay, could you please confirm me the chipping address? 2: The one that was used or the correct one? The correct one. 1407 Theodore T-H-E-O-D-O-R-E Street in Killdevil Hills, North Carolina, 27948. 1: Actually, that's the shipping address. What could happen in this case? Have you paid with Apple Pay? It's really important that the moment that you complete the process for the payment, you let us know that it's a different dealing for chipping address. But for this order, we're going to chip the package to the corporate address. So are those digital scratchers? 2: Yes. 1: Okay. 2: I don't know why on the app it says it was shipping to another address. It still said it. I don't know how it even got that address because I didn't type it in anywhere. But it pulled it somehow. 1: Oh, maybe it could be Apple Each. Do you worry? The order will be shipped to the address beginning 1407. The other is true. 2: Okay, great. Because I thought that's what I had entered as the security dress. And then after the confirmation page, it showed, and even when I went back into purchase history, it shows it is shipping to 2370 Buffalo Station Drive and in another state. So that's great. The second question I had was when I signed up for the app, I do have a rewards account with you, and it seemed to pull my points. I wasn't sure it was really linking with the right phone number. I wanted to make sure it was pulling in my account into the app into the new online account that I created. I used to have an online account, but it must have deleted it a long time ago. I think I might have. I've always had a reward number, so I'm not sure. But did it pull my history in? Did it pull my purchase history in? I couldn't see my purchase history, but it seemed to maybe pull my points. 1: Yep, they already. The order is under your Truth Reward Points, so you will receive your points. Remember, after the purchase, it could take 72 hours and you will see your points, but the order was pressed under your Truce Reward account. 2: Oh, yes, I understand this one was, but I was wondering if when I signed up for the app, did it pull in all of my previous points with my phone number that was linked to my account, the one I use in the store all the time? Because I had purchased like thousands of dollars of stuff, so I wanted to make sure those points were pulled in. 1: Well, under these accounts that I can't see. Yep, the points are right there. You're a BIPP member from BitSmart. So yep, all the points that you receive at the moment that it pictures a dessert are in your account. 2: Okay, how many points can you see? 1: The moment the points that you have available, 3,087 points. Okay, and what do you do with the points? 2: Usually when I go at the store, they just say you have this many dollars of rewards. Do you want to use it? 1: And I say, yep. Is that what it converts into is rewards dollars? Yep. 2: Okay, is there anything else you do with points? No? Okay. I didn't know how it worked. Okay. Awesome. 1: I'm so glad I can maybe there is something else that I can execute right now. I think that's all. 2: Thank you so much. 1: You're very welcome. Thank you. Thanks so much for calling BitCommerce. 2: Thank you. You too. 1: Are they a good company to work for? Yes. Thanks so much for calling. Bitsmore. Have a good day. Okay, bye. Bye-bye.