Speaker 2: Thank you for calling Pessmart. My name is Sheba. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? Speaker 1: Hi, this is Joanna speaking. I'm not sure if I picked the right extension. 2: Okay, well, let me see if I can help you. Can I get you to verify your last name, email address, and phone number for me, Joanna? 1: Yeah, Caba lovejosie11 at gmail.com. Phone number is 929-438-9216. 2: Okay, and what can I ask you what this evening? 1: Yeah, so basically I had something for auto-ship. I didn't cancel it in time, but I'm having an issue because I really need the money back into my account, and I'm not sure how long that's going to take. Okay. 2: Let me see what I can do for you. I do see a note where you spoke with Frank and you said that it was too late to cancel the auto ship. 1: Yes. I was trying to call last night, like when I noticed the charge, but I'm not sure when is it going to get delivered and it's just too much going on. 2: All right, so let me look and see. So let's see. Is this the order number ending in 2543? 1: It should be. Let me just confirm. 2: Correct. Okay. 1: All right, there with me just a minute. 2: All right. Let me see what the tapping shows. Okay. It shows that it should be delivered tomorrow night by 6 p.m. Mountain Standard Time, which I believe it's two hours earlier than New York. So it should be at Seattle Place by 8 p.m. tomorrow. 1: Oh, wow, that's late. Yeah, because Frank also told me that I would have to have somebody come pick up the stuff to get a refund. Isn't there any way that I could just cancel the order before I even get here to avoid all of that? 2: It's too late to cancel the order. I do apologize for that. Once it gets to a certain point, we don't have the ability to stop it, and it's already on the truck. I do apologize. I mean, I wish that I could, but yeah, once you're getting to a certain point, Lisa, we can't. So you have a couple of options, and I know it says in here that the items are too heavy. So one of the options is you can take it back to the store. One option is we can send you a label and you can take it to FedEx. The other option is we can send you what's called a call tag, which is basically a FedEx label. But once you have the FedEx label on there, you contact FedEx and they will actually come and pick it up for you. So you don't have to do it. And that's great. Yes, ma'am. 1: The only thing is I feel like this is like a long process. Like it wouldn't be like, oh, come right now, and they're going to come at the moment. I need the money back into my account today. That's the thing. 2: And I'm sorry, but there is no way that we can make that happen. I do apologize. I mean, I would if I could. 1: I know. Okay. I decided I'll try again. Yeah, I thought it was going to get delivered today, and I thought I could make the call for the thing that's not going to get you till tomorrow night. The thing is, when they deliver it, it's going to be downstairs. I'm on the third floor, stairs only. And at the moment, the thing is, I broke my ankle, and I can't go down and get it. That's another reason why I'm trying to cancel it as well. So either way, I'm not sure how I'm going to leave the thing downstairs. Right. You know, it's like I'm having an issue at the moment. Right. 2: Is there anyone in the building that can help you? 1: No, my neighbor, he's elderly, and he can't help me. Especially with the litter. It's too heavy. It's too hefty for him. 2: Gotcha. Yeah, I wish that I had a better answer for you. But yeah, I can't get the refund processed until we get the items back. I mean, the fastest way to do it would be to take it in the store, but I completely understand that it's too heavy. And I also spend a broken ankle. I fractured mine in five places, and my employer wouldn't let me miss any work and wouldn't let me work at home. Oh, God. Even though we have the capability, they wouldn't let me work at home, and I had to climb two blanks of stairs with a broken ankle. So what I would do is I would get to work. And I'm not saying do this because this was horrible. I would get to work and then call them and say, okay, I'm here. Somebody would come down and carry my I had one of those, I want to call it a trolley. It was a little scooter that you put your knee on. I had one of those. Oh, yeah. Somebody would come and they would carry my scooter upstairs and I would crawl up the steps on my hands and knees. 1: That's for sure. 2: Yeah, it was not. 1: And my steers are so steep. They're not regular steps. Like they're so straight and high up each step. It freaking drove me crazy. And I don't know what to do. I'm like, oh, my God. And I wasn't on my phone because I wasn't paying attention to my emails and I didn't see the scars. And I'm so stupid. I called Ted Smart the store yesterday. And then it was like it was closed. But when I tried this morning, and I'm like, I'm an idiot. It's 24 hours. I just saw the wrong number. If I would have called yesterday night, I think I would have been able to cancel it offline. Like, these guys were sad. I'm just feeling that, you know, some like, I'm going to leave the stuff downstairs. This is going to be a shit show for me. I don't know how I'm going to get down there. Basically, I'm all for the week, so I don't have to go downstairs, Brody. But nobody's going to really help me to bring it up and down again. That's the thing. 2: Right. And I am very sorry to hear that. So one thing that you can try, and I mean, I don't know because I'm not really familiar with, I'm familiar with Roadie in the sense that I know they delivered, but I don't know what their policies are and their processes. But I know that at some point when it gets close, you should get an email saying your order is on the way. Your driver is blah, blah, blah. Here's their phone number. I would say, you know, give them a call and say, hey, can you please bring it upstairs to my door? The worst that's going to happen is they're going to say no, but if you don't ask, it's an automatic no. And at least that way, if you can get them to bring it up to your door, then all you have to do is just put the stickers on it and call FedEx and they'll come pick it up at your door. 1: Okay. We'll hope they say yes, because I think I've had it delivered another time and the guy was old and he didn't want to bring it upstairs to me, which I didn't mind because I was able to do it at that time. But if they don't, then I guess I'll call back and I'll just tell them like, hey, look, it's downstairs in my building. My neighbor is literally like 70, and I don't think it can help me. I'm newsletters, so I'll probably just call Techle back if anything. If the guy says no. You mean Pet Smart? Yeah, like the guy who's delivering it. Yeah, that would be Roadie. 2: And again, I'm secondly the tracking information right now and it's not showing a drug or listed. So if I can give you the talking number, do you have the talking information yet? 1: Yes, I think I do. Let me just see. I have an email again where it says sit and it's it like 1R765. Yeah? Yes. That long number that's so many numbers on there. Well, yes, I definitely have this tracking number. This is like the order I normally make when I'm like trying to stock up and I was doing better, but right now I just can't do this. 2: Right. I get that. I completely feel your pain. Like I said, I fractured mine in five different places and I had to climb up the stairs every day. And then at the end of the day, I was the last one to leave. So I had to like no. So I would sit on my rear end, my scooter in my left hand, my right hand on the railing, and I would scoot down one step at a time, dragging my scooter behind me. Yeah, it was not fun. 1: At all. 2: At all. 1: And you'd be surprised how much you need your ankle. Like, it's really important. 2: Yes. I know. And, you know, I wish that I had a better answer for you. I honestly do. But yeah, the only thing that I can suggest is just, and, you know, you can always just go online and just keep putting in that number until it's that touching number until you see the driver's information. And it should give you his name and his phone number and just call and say, hey, you know, you're on your way to my house with this order. I cannot go downstairs. Can you please bring it up to my apartment? And they should. I mean, they're a delivery company. They should be willing to do that. 1: Okay. Yes, I hope so, because I know my stairs ain't easy. A third floor going up, it's not an easy job. I already feel bad, but I'll definitely act as worth a try, you know? 2: Yeah, absolutely. If you don't ask us an automatic no. 1: Yeah, for sure. Outside, thank you so much for your information tonight. 2: You're welcome. And they should be willing to bring it to your door. I mean, they're a delivery company, after all. That's what they do. 1: Okay. Perfect. 2: All right. Well, I wish you would. Yes, thank you so much. You are very welcome. And if there's anything else that we can assist you with, don't hesitate to give us a call, okay? 1: Thank you so much. Bye-bye. 2: You are very welcome. You have a great night. Thanks for contacting. Patrick Martin, take care. 1: You too. 2: Bye-bye. Thanks. Bye-bye.